Welcome to the [music] official Saster
podcast where you can hear some of the
best SAS speakers. This is where the
cloud meets
up today on the Saster podcast. But the
biggest real difference with a lot of AI
leaders is
there's just so much demand, right?
Because what's happening in a lot of AI
tools is everyone is in market
simultaneously. The tools are either so
disruptive like a cursor or replet or
lovable or 11 labs will go from like
almost nothing to 300 million this year.
And so of course if you have insane in
demand sometimes with verality it is
going to change the playbook because
you're going to be servicing it right.
And I know you know at Bolt which is one
of the leaders in vibe coding the head
of sales there was was one of our old
sales team like the old is new and even
there and I I know it's true at lovable
and replet just as [music] three
examples they have so much inbound they
can't service it they have insane demand
and servicing but it's the same playbook
it's the same demos it's the same
everything
imagine having agents for every support
tech one that [music] triages es
tickets, another that catches
duplicates, one that spots churn risk.
That'd be pretty amazing, right? [music]
Happy Fox just made it real with
autopilot. These pre-built AI agents
deploy in about 60 [music] seconds and
run for as low as 2 cents per successful
action. All of it sits inside the Happy
Fox omni channel AI first support stack.
[music] Chatbot, C-pilot, and Autopilot
working as one. Check them out at
happyfox.com/saster.
Hey everybody, Sasser annual will be
back May [music] 2026. The world's
largest SAS and AI gathering for
executives. Just this last May, we
hosted 10,000 [music] attendees with 68
VP level and above attendees, 36% CEOs
and founders and 25% were AI [music]
first professionals. It's the very best
of STER attendees and decision makers
that [music] come to SAS annual and AI
summit each and every year. But here's
the reality, folks. [music] The longer
you wait, the higher ticket prices get.
They're cheap now. They're cheap. So,
just get them early. Lock in your spot
today. [music] Use my code Jason 100 for
exclusive savings. Get your tickets at
[music] podcast.sanual.com
or just use code Jason100 when you check
out. See you there. Saster annual and
aisummit 2026. It will rock.
All right, everybody. Welcome back to
London. Thanks for coming out.
Appreciate everybody.
If you've got Who's been to a SAS event
before? Anybody here? All right. Thank
you. We have a tradition. We're usually
at the end of these events in case
anybody wants to hear from me. We do an
AMA until we till I pass out. But it's
inverted this year because of the
timing. We want to everyone I don't know
if you've noticed on your teams, people
have shorter attention spans these these
days. Have you noticed it like keeps
getting shorter and shorter. So tried to
compress everything this year. We we
this is just ANA. We can talk about
anything. We'll take questions in a
moment.
Just for fun.
We if on the the general topic of like
software occasion vibe coding.
Let's see if you're curious. I built a
game for this event. It's vaporell.ai.
You can play it now. The year is 2049.
You're an account executive attending
Saster AI London. product doesn't exist,
but the quota is real. You got to play
this game. It only take a few. If you
play it, it's just for fun because we
can. It's kind of a prop for vibe
coding, but actually if you play it and
you win, you get an extra 50% off coming
disaster annual in May. So, it's 50%
off. 50% off. It's the cheapest tickets
we've ever had. You just have to win.
You just have to win this game.
And it's actually you you could try it.
it if the fact that I was able to build
it in like an hour and a half on Replet
is pretty telling. It only goes so far.
It only does so much, other things
wouldn't work. But, um, it's kind of a a
reminder that if you if you want to
rebuild something, revive with yourself,
your team, and it's been built before,
it it it does get easier. So, that's
just for fun. But but if you if you're
bored, you can do it here and you'll get
an extra 50% off annual or if you win
one person or maybe it's three three
people to win it. Not that it's such a
great prize, but I think either one or
three people get a a one-on-one with me
afterwards, too. So, all you have to do
is win the game. Trick this trick five
prospects into buying from you with some
jargon, AI jargon, and then it'll tell
you one and there's a leaderboard. So,
it's vaporell.ai.
So, that's the agenda for today. I got I
got nothing for now other than general
AMA. But if anybody wants to kick it off
with a general question
we therapy, whatever you need, let me
know if anyone's got got something or I
can make something up. But anyone got a
burning question wants to kick us off?
Go ahead.
So the question is, is inbound dead?
Your traffic's down 50% in the last 12
months?
It's a good question. Let let me step
back for what it's worth. I I I really
think
this is a part of a a woe is me
narrative that I think began toward the
end of 23 accel and has accelerated. Wo
was you your your SEO is harder. Wo was
you? You don't have as many leads as you
had during a a lockdown during a global
pandemic. Poor you. And it leads to a
narrative and then I'll be more specific
with the answer. It leads to a narrative
which I think is quite dangerous which
is that the go to market playbook is
broken. It doesn't work anymore. You
hear this. It's just not true. Now, all
the here's how I think about it. The
playbook that some folks are running
from 2021, of course, does not work
today or does not work as well. But
here's what I say. The plays all work.
Webinars, inbound, outbound, leftbound,
rightbound, it all still works. And the
interesting thing is if you look at a
lot of the hottest AI companies like
look at Verscell, they just raised at 10
billion. Who's this COO? She was the
chief business officer at Stripe. Okay,
look at Replet where we just did a whole
SK with them. They're 0 to 250 million
already this year. Vibe coding. Who's
their CRO? Zoom Info. Okay, if you go
through all of the hot AI companies
right now that are vaguely in B2B, you
will see a cast of characters from the
Is it thes? Is that what we say? No. No.
From the 10ens. You will see B2B leaders
that you all know from SAS 2018 and 2017
running the AI companies. That wouldn't
be possible if the plays don't work. Now
are they using different tools? Are they
using more AIRS things we can chat
about? For sure, right? But the biggest
real difference with a lot of AI leaders
is
there's just so much demand, right?
Because what's happening in a lot of AI
tools is everyone is in market
simultaneously. The tools are either so
disruptive like a cursor or replet or
lovable or 11 Labs will go from like
almost nothing to 300 million this year.
We just I mean Amelia just literally
spooled up 11 labs to do all the intros
for all our speakers. Okay, we did it in
like she did it in 10 minutes. We used
to have to pay an agency that would take
weeks and complain about it and they'd
be terrible and they'd argue over the
pronunciation of people's names. No,
it's Lumpkin. It's Jason Lumpkin. We'd
have to argue and they get angry. We
literally did it today in the green room
in like 20 minutes, right? that is so
disruptive that this demand and so of
course if you have insane in demand
sometimes with verality is going to
change the playbook because you're going
to be servicing it right
and I know you know at Bolt which is one
of the leaders in vibe coding the head
of sales there was was one of our old
sales team like the old is new and even
there and I I know it's true at lovable
and replet just as three examples they
have so much inbound they can't service
it They have to look at the list each
day. And I mean I think Brian who runs
it at Bolt is 60 million. I think he has
three people on a sales team or
something like four. Okay. So how many
leads can they follow up of thousands,
right? So that is different. But they're
all classic B2B sales reps just instead
of calling every lead and trying to
convince them their funible product is
the exact same as another product, they
have insane demand and servicing. But
it's the same playbook. It's the same
demos. It's the same everything. So, I
know that's not quite the question
you're asking, but I do think it's
important to understand that the
playbooks may not work as well, but the
plays are the same. And in many cases,
it's the same players. So, it's just
it's just a lot of folks in market
looking for radically better solutions
and at the same time CIOS and others are
cutting budgets for old solutions. There
is this, it's not a paradox, but it can
feel like it if you I've written a lot
about it on Saster. just wrote it up
with a bunch of Gartner data this year.
Gartner said overall enterprise software
is going to grow the fastest it ever has
at 15% a year at at this scale, right? I
mean it 400 billion. It's hasn't grown
this fast ever. But of that 15% almost
half is taken up by price increases from
existing investors. Everyone's raising
prices and about half of the remaining
half is new AI budget. So that means if
you're not one of the ones that they're
focused on for price increases or buying
more, if you're not adding agent force
or you're not an AI tool they want to
add to, everyone else has to get cut. So
vendor the vendor count is getting
stable or shrunk to make room for new
offerings and price increases from the
select vendors and the new AI guys. So
it can feel like there's forces that are
either p that are punishing you in a way
they didn't used to or or they're
tailwinds. They're tailwinds. And the
reality is, if you talk to any vendor
this year that's a sponsor, the reason
they're a sponsor is because they got
tailwinds.
The headwind ones aren't sponsoring
anymore. It probably should be the
opposite. The ones that have headwinds
should probably be here hustling for
customers. And the ones that are
tailwind should be just back in the
office wondering what to do with the
surplus of leads. But this is the this
is the odd odd odd thing about
marketing.
So that's the world we're in.
And we can chat more about it. folks
have follow-up questions specifically on
is inbound dead? So, no, inbound isn't
dead. The the the artis like artisans
that's here on qualified, we know them
pretty well. We were just talking with
the head of SMB at Salesforce, Asian
force. All of them have more demand than
they can service. All of them. It's
actually interesting. They all have the
same kind of issue is there's just not
enough forward deployed engineers, not
enough solution, not enough folks to get
the agents going. They are all turning
away customers because they have too
much demand for an agent. They can do
everything for them.
So inbound isn't dead.
Is SEO dead if you're writing the
classic playbook? Right. I'll tell you
our SEO at Saster. Here's Now looks we a
lot of things. We do events. We do a
podcast. We do multiple podcasts. We got
a podcast with Harry. We got two
YouTubetubes. We got tweets. But our
blog, if you've been with us for a
while, our blog is like our core. It's
like home base, okay? And our blog
traffic was fairly flat for about 4
years. Going into this year, our SEO is
down 8%. Not not 50, but eight for real.
We can track it. But our traffic's up
50.
Traffic is up 50 and going up. Our
viewership. We will end this year at
sastaster.com twice as many readers as
last year. Even though our SEO is down
now. Our SEO is down 8%. And I think
folks like G2 have said theirs is down
like 30 or 40% or more. So, if that's
your only play and you got no ideas and
you haven't changed your product or your
GTM since 2021, you're it's probably
going to feel at le 8 to 50% harder.
But for us, like I actually don't I mean
most of our team is AI agents now. So,
we don't really have anyone to tell me
why our our viewership is up. But I can
tell you when I look at the content,
it's because people all want to read
about AI GTM content. Okay? They don't
want to read about classic SAS themes
about CS teams and CRO. It turns out
unless there's an AI thing, they don't
want to read it. But because we have
some of the best AI GTM agent content
out there, people are just devouring it.
Okay? And if we could sell that content,
I mean a million and I would buy
islands, okay? If we could sell because
the demand for that content is so high.
So my point to everything is you got to
find the this is like my other talk
tomorrow. You got to find the tailwinds
and lean into it. There is AI budget.
There is AI budget for new vendors at
the CIO level. And if you're an existing
in C, if you have existing customers and
you have something that truly changes
the game for efficiency, it truly
changes. You can replace lots of humans
for your agent. Your customers are going
to want to meet with you and they're
going to want to buy it, right?
Salesforce is at 42 billion, growing
like 9%. And I know they're a public
company, but I'm pretty convinced if
they could deploy Agent Force overnight
for every customer, they could grow
twice as fast, right? So find that
tailwind. That's your job right now for
your teams. Figure out what it's not
building a co-pilot or putting AI on
your homepage. It doesn't create budget
and it doesn't change. It doesn't change
how your customers do business, right?
What can you do with AI to make your
product 10 times better and it's
probably replacing humans for many of
you. Even though people think that's a
tough topic, that's the reality. It's
it's replacing humans in some fashion.
That's why customer success took off. I
mean support took off so quickly because
you if if you train a support AI pretty
well
you you a lot of cop folks really have
replaced 20 to 50% of their support
team. Even Mark Benoff I think
redeployed three or 5,000 folks in
support even there at Salesforce. We all
know tons of folks that have done it.
Sierra just said they went from 1 to 100
million in a year. Brett Taylor ex you
know ex CTO of Facebook coco of
Salesforce just going out to people and
saying you can replace a lot of your
support teams with AI. So, you got to
find your version of that, your your
tailwind to grow. But if you're running
the exact same playbook as 2022,
nothing's changed. Yeah, that inbound's
going to be harder. SEO's down and
vendor consolid the odd thing that I
will take another question. It's just
such an odd thing when overall B2B
software budgets are at a record size
and accelerating plus 15% at hundreds of
billions of according to Gartner and
folks that have product market fit with
AI B2B are growing like crazy but at the
same time it's not free. People think
that CIOS have infinite budget. They
don't. there's a little bit of
elasticity but at the end of the day
companies only have so much revenue and
they only have so much profits and they
can only aortion so much of that to
software and it so it's not all free and
when they're giving this money to a
these hot AI companies they're cutting
it from everybody else they are cutting
it from everybody else and if they're
not and if they're not arguing with you
on renewals and a lot of folks have felt
it it's worse they're calling up vendors
and saying we're just cutting back this
year we're just and and if you guys
haven't ever been at it. I in my brief
tenure as a VP at Adobe, it was preAI,
but I I lived it as a VP at Adobe. And
you'd go around the room and you'd say
there were human layoffs and there were
app layoffs. Okay? And everyone at at
the boom of cloud wanted more apps and
they'd say fine, but everyone go every
single VP in the room, give me one or
two to cut. You'd have to cut one or
two. And it's still happening. It's just
done more from the tops down with the CI
level. So if you're on the bubble, if
you're an attachment to a CRM that you
don't quite need, right? This is where
you know so many f you know outreach and
sales off struggled and gong took a lot
of this market because gong built
everything and but one of the things
gone good is they stole budget from
sales off and outreach and other folks
right they stole it and see going it's
already happened for this calendar year
but CIOS and others have gone around the
room and said give me an give up an app
or give me two if you want to add one
next year you want to add a couple AI
apps I'll find you a bud you got to give
up two you got to give up two you have a
hundred like marketing tools you need a
hundred
maybe 96 is is enough. And and and
I I find even in my own investing
portfolio, I just got an investor update
yesterday of a pretty successful company
that's partly through its AI transition.
They're at mid8 figures in revenue. They
had a million and a half of turn last
month. A million and a half a turn last
month from happy customers that you
know. No seesat issues, no other issues.
They literally said just we we're cut
they're cutting apps next year. the word
attachment. We're an attachment to serum
and we got cut. And the CEO, who I love
to death, failed. They failed as a team
because they didn't get above the cut
line. They now they didn't lose all
their customers, but they lost two.
That's what 1.5 million last month. Not
because it didn't work. It wasn't great.
And not because they didn't have AI in
it, but because this two CIOS just went
around the room and that was the one
that got cut. It was great to have, but
not mission critical. And it got cut to
make room for another AI up. in fact one
that's also speaking at this event.
>> All right, anybody else got another
question?
>> Hi, I'm Patrick. Quite a specific one.
In a podcast the other day, you said
something along the lines that AISDRs
didn't work but then Sonet 4 and now it
works. Can can you elaborate a little
bit on that?
>> It's a rich question. Two different
threads.
one
we really none of these products these
SDR products I think worked before
Claude 4.1 Sonic or Cloud 4 this year
right didn't work lovable didn't work
base 44 didn't work nothing I mean they
were out there they weren't very good
until the magical moment when cloud 4
came out and everything was kind of
magical gamma didn't Gamma was around
since 20 about gamma and we love gamma
for for for AI presentations 1 to 80
million will do this year, but it was
founded in 2020. So it was 5 years to 1
mill and then 1 to 80 this year. It's
not a coincidence that all of these apps
took off January, February, March of
this year, that's when the LMS got
better. Okay? So in a way it doesn't
matter, but if you bought a lot of
overhyped go to market SDR tools before
February, March or April of this year,
we just didn't work well, right? And and
I mean literally we were a million and I
It's on our saster.
Aagents website. We were at this company
qualified that does AI inbound and
outbound. We use it on the website. And
we were with the CEO that they've been
around for like 5 years. He was the
eximo of Salesforce. Okay. They've been
doing this for trying to use AI to
qualify inbound leads since like 2019 or
something. Okay. Repeat founder. Great
guy. I'm like, I don't have any of your
numbers, but this really took off around
February or March this year, right? It's
like, yeah, like that's when your
product actually worked. He's like,
"Yeah, that's when it finally actually
worked after 5 years, right?" Same with
Gamma. Rapid was founded almost 10 years
ago, right? And blew up. It'll go it was
10 years to a million and then 1 to 250
million. So, so you kind of almost have
to if you had it's le it's less an issue
for this room than maybe
the maybe the the less techy of of the
world. But if you had a bad experience
with almost any AILM, GTM other product
before March of this year, write it off.
It was a different time. It was
different LLM's different world. Okay,
that that's a base point.
The second point
we which is not the same question but
related plenty of folks whether they
tried to deploy an AI sales agent before
or after Q1 of this year.
So many folks
just told someone on their team to do it
or hired an agency that didn't know what
they're doing. Okay, literally Ameilia
and I were on a call with global
technology leader we all know and love.
We've all heard that's pretty AI
forward. Okay, pretty impressive company
and said, "We're we're thinking about
buying our first AIS SDR. We're just
going to buy it and hand it to our STRs
and have them figure it out. Have them
figure it out. It's not going to work.
You got to train it. You got to train it
for a month. You got to train it every
day. You've got to iterate and
onboarding." So, that's another failure
mode that I've already heard like 10
times since I've been here today. folks
like, "Well, if I can I just buy one of
these tools and turn it on and walk
away." You can't. We've said this in
every workshop Wednesday the million and
I have done with every other speaker. It
still doesn't work. So, one failure mode
was like pre the fours pre pre you know
Claude 4 and GPT4 pre the fours the
stuff did the LMS weren't good enough
and the other one was we bought it and
and just turned it on and we didn't
magically get millions of revenue. It
don't work that way right and the real
way if I just summarize it and we'll
talk a lot about it at this event.
Here's the other mistake folks make. If
you want Anilia makes this a lot of
times on our on our live webinars, our
work AI workshop Wednesday and
Wednesday. Here's the the captain and
obvious thing for any AIS SDR, BDR, even
AES as we do more of them, CSMs. First,
you got to have it work in the real
world with humans. Then you tell the AI
what worked. That you there's no magical
prompt. Okay? The prompt is here's the
script that I used with a customer that
I closed. Then you iterate that prompt
and then you hook it up to data like
Salesforce or HubSpot or other sources
of data or snowflake and then you have
it ingest the data to keep working with
that prompt and make it better. It's not
that complicated. Okay. So many folks
are like oh well Sasters AI SDR works
because you have inbound leads. I'm
like, well, everyone has some inbound
leads or it it's just you you've got the
only as long as you've closed any
customers, you can train the AI to be
almost as good as you and work 24/7.
It's that simple. But folks think that
like I'm going to buy I have no inbound
leads at all. I have no inbound. I've
never done outbound. So, I have no
inbound leads. I've never done outbound.
But, I'm going to buy a tool and turn it
on. I'm going to make millions. Like,
how the f would that work? just this is
to the sales rep that got a commission
at that vendor, but you know it doesn't
work and you could laugh but I would say
80% of the conversations Ameilia do you
agree that we have are a version of that
I bought a tool I bought a tool and I
have no leads. I bought a tool and I
have a lot of leads but I didn't connect
it to my leads. It didn't magically work
and like so you just figure out what
works in the real world and then train
the AI to just do it again and again and
again with more and more and more data
and then read every email it sends. read
every response it ingests and some of
them will be dumb and some of them will
be wrong and all these tools have some
bit of training and you say hey that was
wrong you know Saster Saster AI lended
is not December 4th okay or whatever
mistake it makes and you do it every day
for about a month and then the mistakes
start to go away and they become
recurring and it gets trained on better
more and more it's not that complicated
but it's you've got to sell it just like
anything going back to the disaster if
you can't sell it yourself the AI can't
sell it for you it's that simple you
can't sell yourself the AI can't so
thanks for
a a big answer but thanks for the
question.
>> So for Legion for Legion yeah what do
you think what kind of skill skills
skill or skills should we uplift in 2026
and what's the like the golden nugget
channel or the main channel which one do
you think that it's
well I I'll give you two answers. First
of all,
for for marketers in general, for B2B
marketers,
I talked to I talked to a great marketer
when I came in at an AI focused company
saying she was pretty confident about
her job. Things were going well, but she
she was nervous. The world's changing so
much. She was worried for her job. And I
said, "You should be. Everyone should be
worried for their job. Every CRO or CMO
should be worried for their job. On the
one hand, it's the same people in the
same place, but there's so much change.
And you got to get ahead of it, right?
If you don't get ahead of it and build
skills, it's going to be hard.
So, the advice I gave there and then
I'll I'll give a second piece of advice.
The number one piece of advice is become
proficient at like a couple tools here
or otherwise, a couple leaders. Okay?
right now today. If you are world class
at Agent Force or Clay or Qualified or
Artisan or any of the tools here, really
doesn't matter which one. Pick two or
three leaders that that that have decent
revenue that people have heard of and it
and and you go through the deployment
yourself. You do the training we talked
about. You onboard. You get it working
in your company and you can point to the
metrics just like Amelia is going to do
tomorrow. Here's how we had 7.2% open
rate and here's how long it took and
here's how. If you have those skills,
you will be infinitely hirable for the
next 18 months because only like 2% of
marketers have those skills. So become
the expert in deploying agents and it
doesn't need to mean you know every
agent or even needs to be technical but
you need to pick a few leaders and
deploy them yourself. Not not tell
someone on your team to do it which is
what we see. Do it yourself. Do it.
Watch it. I iterate it. Train it.
Iterate every day. Spend a week non-stop
deploying it and then work on it every
single day for a month. you will learn
so much and you will become infinitely
deployable.
We that's sort of at the agent level
you know I think on on and just sort of
generic demand playbook I don't I I I'm
still learning I don't have all the
magic ideas but I think if you think
like like buying GEO vendors and just
figuring out how to automate LinkedIn
posts is going to save your job it's
not. I think you just just like always
we got to be careful of LinkedIn
and charlatans because even if
it's like a little bit better, it's not
gonna it's not going to save you if the
CIO is cancelling your app that they
like, it's not going to save you.
I don't know all the answers, but you
need to it's it's it's harder and harder
to sell fungeable products that don't
show massive instant ROI. And I think
back a lot the first podcast that Mark
Beniop did with us earlier the year.
I asked him
what he thought of Palunteer. Obviously
one, you know, one of the biggest
successes in AIB to be, you know, he he
he said he went on to say this a lot.
Other times he's like, I'm jealous of
how much they charge. H pretty funny.
You know, they charge more than he does.
But I really love the thing he said
next. He said, I I'm I'm jealous in a
way. I wish I love what they're doing
for forward deployed engineers. And what
Mark said was, "I wish everyone at
Salesforce could go live even before
they pay." They could go live before
they even pay. This, think about this,
and this is a a marketing and sales
weapon.
The way we used to buy B2B software for
years was I I need a CRM. I need a
marketing automation. You your friends
would use it. You saw it at your last
company. You talk to a sales rep. They
could answer six questions. You'd buy
it. And if you're lucky, by the end of
the year, you might deploy it. I mean in
the old days if we've been if you've
been around for a while you might have
customers that were new for year two
that never even deployed in year one.
Okay that don't fly today. It flies a
little bit but it don't fly much. Okay.
What Mark's point was he said I know I
can't deliver this today. It's not it's
not feasible but the technology is
there. I wish every single customer
would be live on an on an agent force or
whatever a Gentic Salesforce before they
gave me a dollar. Think about that. This
is my best advice. Get as close to that
today as you can for your customer. When
you look at the ones that explode, the
cursors, the gamas, think about, go back
and use them again. Think about how much
value you get in the free program. Think
about how much value you get in the
first month.
What can you do with AI to provide that
much value to customers before they even
pay you? If you provide insane value
with an agent before they pay you,
they're going to be kind of happy to pay
you rather than the sucker bet that we
all made for for the better part of two
decades. A sucker bet. I think it works.
I Someone gave me a demo. The demo kind
of works. I can't use it myself, but I I
you know, I need that. And then half the
time it's a horror story. So my my
that's my best idea is make your provide
insane value before you get a check. And
then the percent of your leads that's
going to convert is just going to
skyrocket. It's whatever it is, it's
going to skyrocket. So, thanks for the
question. I'm still learning though
part.
It's a more generic question. And there
are some AI experts that think or say
that with AGI in 2 3 years SAS will be
dead because you can literally just talk
to OpenAI or so on and say write a code
that does that and you don't need to buy
software. It will just do it on demand
or look and learn from itself. I would
love to hear your thoughts on that.
I mean, it's possible.
Listen, all listen, it's it's it's
if you if you'd asked me six months ago,
I'd say the odds that's true is zero.
That's that's like chatbt nonsense,
right? I mean, chatb is very very
powerful.
We, you know, it's very extensible. It's
very open.
It's still impossible. You cannot
reproduce the amount of workflows, the
amount of corner cases, the amount of
complexity that complex B2B software
does.
We But you can chip away at it. You can
chip away at it. And so I know I can't
quite show it on the screen, but like
this app we built, I mean, we built 11
apps. I've built 11 apps. Icoded 11 apps
in 90 days that have been used 800,000
times. They're all at saster.ai/agents.
800,000 times in 90 days.
I haven't we haven't stolen revenue from
anybody, but that's a bit of an
existential threat to somebody, isn't
it? So, and the other point I'll say for
folks,
the since we I built these 12 apps on
Replet,
I can't tell you how much better the
agent has gotten. So, if any of you
follow me closely, you'll know the first
app I built on Replet like 170 days ago.
It blew up. It didn't work. It deleted
my database. Those posts went viral. It
was on Reddit. It got some like threats,
some death threats from Redditors. It
went crazy. Millions of views. Okay. And
there's a lot of reasons that happened.
And if you want, we can talk about it
for fun. I've learned a lot. I I I
intentionally went into I did this exper
it was it was an experiment from like
160 days ago or whatever because
everyone Microsoft lovable replet was
all saying just tell us in we tell us in
a sentence hold sorry tell us in one
prompt what you want to build and you
can build it they all said this 180 tell
tell us you want Salesforce we'll build
it in 60 seconds of course that was
impossible so I said but they're all
saying it not just these startups like
lovable and replet and bold Microsoft
was saying
Microsoft is saying is like, "Okay, I'm
going to do a social experiment with all
of us. I'm going to build an app for the
SAS community without learning anything.
I'm not going to study these apps. I'm
not going to understand how they work.
I'm not going to read anything. I'm just
going to ask Twitter which one I should
use." And they said, "By a narrow
margin, pick replet." So, I picked it by
a narrow margin and it went off the
rails for the first one. Okay, I can
tell you why it deleted the database and
all these other things, but they fixed
all of those issues for for real. But
more importantly, the agent is like a
hundred times better now. When I go when
I started writing apps on Replet 170
days ago, I'd be like, I want to build a
way to connect folks in this room
together and the code would just be
wrong. It would hallucinate. It would
say things that were all wrong. I
couldn't test it. I couldn't QA it. It I
was never going to finish an app. And
and almost no one finished these apps.
Now, now I wrote one. we you know in an
hour for this event and
what I'll give you an example of
something that's changed and then I know
it's a longwinded answer when Repetit
launched this V3 and I'm sure lovable
has it and Claude itself has some of
this functionality now now in Replet v3
which only launched like 45 days ago
there's multiple agents that talk to
each other and check the work okay so
when I did the first app in replet it
deleted my database now it calls in
other agents to help it so before it
deleted my data now it has an architect
And when there's a tough problem, it
doesn't just do something go off the
rails. It says, "Hold on, I'm not sure.
I'm going to call in another agent, the
architect." And the architect talks to
it. And if there's a security question,
they bring in other help on security.
And now they have a design specialist.
So they're so much better. And so my
learn so the rate, we're not going to
build the the classic CRM and ERPs that
we all use, but don't underestimate the
the rate at which this stuff's getting
better. And so where do I think that
nets out today? And maybe next year I'll
have a different answer. I'm still I
mean I know a lot but I'm still in
learning mode.
Just realize that like your competitive
edge is shrinking in time. Shrinking in
time.
We when I started in SAS, you basically
had you'd build something really slick
and then you'd have about 18 12 to 18
months until you were copied by a
startup and then you'd have like 5 years
until a big company copied you. Okay, I
I know I'm really dating myself, but for
fun, when we launched Echosign, Docyign,
which is like 18 billion company today,
it only worked in Windows and only was
partially web- based. We had like 18
months before they decided, hey, we're
going to copy what what LMK and his team
did. We we needed to get users. They
needed to see traction. They had
traction in printer drivers for real
estate. It didn't seem worth their
trouble. Then it took like 5 years to
six years for Adobe to decide to copy
it. Then the copy didn't work and they
bought us. Then like Google just
launched a clone like last year, like a
decade later. Like that's the way it
used to happen.
Not too recently I invested in a startup
that I love. incred incredibly powerful
startup within two weeks they had like
four clones two weeks
and then I talked with a massive company
that's building a clone themselves
that'll be out this year so the rate at
which that this is where I think it's
not that we're going to rebuild Workday
and Salesforce and Oracle but our
competitive edges are going to be
measured in months and when they used to
be years and and that compounds that
compounds and if you can't run at that
pace,
I I don't see how you're going to you're
going to you're going to fall to 0%
growth. So, that's what I worry about is
this rate of iteration. And so, it's not
exactly the narrative of you can prompt
everything in chat GBT, but um we but
our
our moes are all weakening. Our moes are
all shallower and the pace of copying
and improving. I mean literally this
it's funny this so Google just launched
a replet lovable clone. It had its own.
It launched it what's
Monday. So I think it launched it on
Friday or Saturday or something. So I'm
like I know these apps. I'm going to try
it. So I put in this prompt to build
Vapor Cell. Didn't quite work. Okay. It
just launched. Okay. It doesn't have a
database. It does. It's missing a lot of
things. But I just took that work which
literally took about 10 minutes and I
gave it to Replet and Repliced it in 5
minutes. It worked better. It worked
better. I'll give you another example.
We talked about this word about a little
bit. We took we we're running about five
AI SDRs and BDRs assass now. Took us a
while to do this. Our most recent one,
we just took a prompt from one and put
it into another and it just worked. It
just worked. And and so agents will
actually may make our moes even weaker
and shallower because if the agents can
just take pro if I can take a prompt
from one app and give it to another app,
my switching costs have gone down
radically, haven't they? It's not two
years of business process change and
mapping data and the mapping data
doesn't work and the leads don't map to
the leads and the contacts. If I could
literally take the prompt which is reach
out to my top 50 attendees from Saster
Lender this year and give them a special
coupon for SAS annual in May and that's
my prompt and it works and I can just
give it to another agent that does the
same thing. Where's my mode? I mean
there is switching cost but it's so much
lower than it used to be. So that's the
kind of stuff I worry about that the
cloning is going to be much faster. The
agents the agents create short shallow
remotes. the agents can adjust each
other's prompts and I just feel like
everything is on shakier competitive
mode foundations and that's the world we
got to adapt in. We don't get 5 years to
wait for a big guy to clone us. That was
the old days. We got five years, five
years to wait sometimes like seven or
eight years and then a big company would
say oh well they hit 100 million because
for a lot of big companies you're so
big. I mean, if you're if you're doing,
you know, I keep coming back to
Salesforce. I'm forgetting what everyone
else's revenue is, but Salesforce is 45
billion. Okay? So, one way you're
thinking about competitors,
one way to think about competition is
it's got to be 10%. Okay? So, at the end
of the day, it's probably not worth
Salesforce doing something that can't
make them four to five billion in
revenue. Okay? Now, it's a little more
atomic than that. It might be each
business unit is smaller, right? So,
maybe maybe the CRM is is CRM's like six
six billion. So maybe it's worth them
doing getting out of bed for 600 million
or 800 million of revenue etc etc
billion dollar competitor it's the same.
So it used to take everything 5 7 10
years to get to 100 million so no one
would even bother to compete. Now when
you when when when if if replet gets to
250 million one a year, of course
Google's going to clone it, right? So
everyone's everyone's aware of this in
cloning faster and and you know I I
don't want to be one of these guys on X
which is that the only mode is speed and
working 996, but there's a lot of I
think there's a lot of truth in it and
and if you don't like it, you're you
might you you you might go into terminal
decay. Like you you'll hang on to your
existing base, but you won't get I mean
it's tough. If I wrote up today,
I really tried to be positive and then
it got like 500,000 views on X on
LinkedIn. I wrote up Pager Duty. Pager
Duty missed its last quarter. Pager duty
is doing just crossed 500 million in
ARR. It's worth $1 billion. Two times
revenue. Two times revenue. Now, there's
a bunch of things that happened there,
but they their customer count is flat.
15,000 something customers for four
years. So, Data Dog came out with a
clone. At Elastian's product is better.
Startups are better. And they just
didn't move f I don't mean to be
critical of folks at Page. I'm sure
they're doing a great job, but
objectively they didn't move fast
enough. And I think it's only going to
accelerate. Everyone will build will
build a clone now. They'll build them
faster. It took Data Dog 15 years to
decide to do this or 10 years. It might
take them eight months to do it next
time and and 90 days to do it with next
time.
And and then I will take another
question. If you guys haven't vibe coded
or something,
whether it's cursor or replet or
something, there's a lot of learnings.
But one thing that's much much easier is
if you already know exactly what you
want to build. So cloning is so much
easier. Like literally, I took the
prompt from Google and put into replet
and I instantly cloned it because I knew
exactly what I wanted to build. We built
this VC founder matchmaking whole suite
of apps there. If you go to sastro.ai,
AI click AI VC. We've done like a almost
a,000 VC founder connections for free.
We've we've graded almost 3,000 pitch
decks and done 700,000 startup
valuations. Okay. And that took me a
couple months to figure out. Now I know
how I want to connect founders and VPs
through this same workflow. I already
know how to do it in my head. This isn't
going to take me 90 days. It's going to
take me like two weeks to do this one.
And so my my point is this cloning is
going to get even faster because once
you build it in work smart folks already
know what they want to build. They
already see it and know that's the easy
stuff to build and you can just fly in
cursor or replet or whatever. When you
know exactly what you want to build when
you hear you'll hear folks say like oh
our team's not much more productive with
these vibe coding apps. There's probably
a lot of reasons but one reason is they
don't know what they want to build. But
when you talk with the best you'll talk
with some of the best engineers and
they'll say something crazy like I do
90% of my code with five coding tools
like like how is that possible? Well
often they're not 90% of the time for
the 90% they're not building something
that's never been done before. They're
really building something else that's
been done before. So they already know
in their head how they want leads,
contacts and opportunities or email
automation or whatever and they they're
thinking through it and they go through
a run or they think about it for a
couple weeks and they can see it form in
their head. They get pretty good. I call
it repu replet fluent for me. I can
already see in my head how I want to
write the application, but there's
cursor fluent and everything fluent. And
so it's just you're just 10 times faster
when you know what you want to build.
And so I'm worried about the notes, but
thank you. Maybe that's too much. But
anybody else got a question?
In the in the go to market world, a lot
of people talk loosely about the
importance of ROI and value selling and
quantifiable business cases. Well, why
is it so hard for sales teams to action
on? Is it awareness? Understanding a
process or tools issue. What's really
holding teams back from speaking the
language of CFOs?
>> Well, listen, let's be honest.
Got to be honest in the age of AI. Most
most sales reps have no idea how to sell
value. You can't sell value unless
you're a product expert. You cannot sell
value. Most sales folks want to talk
with a war sheet, a tear sheet. They
know six things.
You can't sell value if you're not a
product expert. AI makes it more
extreme. We try these products. We know
these products. We need onboarding. We
need to trade our agent.
We I was we were with an AI leader the
other day. A mill and I were there. They
closed a seven figure deal while we were
there.
We the
solution architect left the sales team
behind. Closed it without him. Didn't
want to talk to the sales team. Sales
team didn't know the product. had no
value. They had no value. So what was
the term again? What do we call it?
Solution. What was the
sorry what do we call it value? What do
valuebased selling? It's dead in the
water.
Value based selling is providing value.
You cannot provide value in the age of
AI if you do not know the product cold
ideally how to deploy it and how to get
it going and deploy real value. not to
have a valuation calculator on your
website that says 18 months down the
road the product will work. Okay. So
I think a lot of these I these these are
just a bunch of lazy sales ideas from
reading from a script from high demand
fungeible complex to deploy products
where they think taking folks out to
lunch or knowing four buzzwords is adds
any value to a customer.
And it's always been hard to sell a
technical for non-technical sales folks
to sell a technical product to CTOs and
VPs of engineering.
And why has it always been hard? They
just don't know the product well enough.
And the easiest thing for sales folks to
sell has always been sales products.
Sales tools. They use them every day.
Just sell the tools, you know. But I
think we're going to see AI is not going
to replace the AE the way it is already
beginning to replace the SDR. has
already replaced support is already
replacing customer success but it is
going to replace a lot of AES that
aren't product don't know the product
holds and I just got to tell you I I
really think 70 80% of the sales
executives I have worked with over the
last five or six years don't know their
product cult
if you and if you look back if any of
you and you look back at your sales
whoever your top couple sales reps are
whatever prei doesn't matter the top
ones
weren't just good sch smoozers or good
like they knew the product cold.
Especially for startups, right? I call
them sales magicians, but they're not
magical. They just know how every nook
and cranny works, how every how to how
to how to how to get past feature gaps,
how it all works. And we're just not
going to tolerate mediocre sales reps in
the age of AI. We're just going to buy
from somebody else. The mediocre rep,
the worst one you can't hire today is a
sales rep that tells you they're a great
people person.
Who cares?
Here's what I want. I want an AISDR. I
want it deployed in 30 days. I want it
to get me this amount of code. I want to
do this workflow. I want to integrate it
this way. And there and the rep's like,
"Oh, that sounds good. We can do that."
I mean, it's not going to work. You're a
people person. I'm a people person. I I
text with all my I close all my deals on
text. My people I You see this one? I I
just closed I closed $50,000 last month
on text. I don't I don't need to meet
anybody.
I mean though that that worked in 2021
when there was infinite demand, right?
It just does I don't see it working
today. And
I I'll tell you
I I caught up with the sales rep that
I've known for years in in lockdown,
made almost a million bucks at a hot
cloud company that had infinite demand.
Right? It was three to five deals a day.
Made a million bucks.
Then next year made about 600,000.
Felt felt it was undervalued and quit.
Found a new job. Made about 180 after
that.
That company is struggling.
Now he's back in school.
No job. Okay. Great people person. Got
to be an expert. Got to be an expert. So
I think all that stuff's dead and AI is
just making us all too smart, all too
product where again going back to the
point we're expecting almost infinite
infinite value. So you really don't need
value selling if you're a product
expert. They'll leave. They just don't
want to just don't want to talk to the
sales reps. It's my my strong feeling. I
know folks a lot of sales folks want to
fight this on LinkedIn and I I but I I I
know a lot of them. They're not crushing
it. The ones that are fighting it are
fighting the future. And you got to
embrace the future. You got you got to
find your tailwind. So, thank you.
What you mentioned earlier that the
motions are the same in a lot of cases.
Inbound is not dead. Outbound is not
dead. What are the characteristics that
have changed in like a successful
outbound motion and what stayed the
same?
It's a great question. I should know the
all the answers to. I can tell you one
thing that we learned from our outbound
AI is
m geometrically more volume and the same
results. So our results have not gone
down in the age of AI by training the AI
with the best scripts and ideas that
humans did. We basically saw the same in
some cases a little worse in some cases
a little better but the same as humans
mo for the most part with much higher
productivity. So
I mean it's outbound isn't dead and
if you if to some extent no matter how
much sales you've done if you've never
been a buyer at a big company you don't
get outbound.
Okay. And let and and then then I'll do
one more one more different point and
then we'll wrap up. Let me step back for
a minute. I I remember, you know, back
in the day when I was a an early SAS
founder. I was at Dreamforce and we had
a we we had a large SAS company that SAP
bought called Success Factors was on a
panel with me and I didn't even know
him, never met him. He turned around,
he's like, "Yeah, I bought your product,
Jason." Like, "Wow, great." He's like,
"Why?" He's like, "Well, it was the end
of the quarter. Our fax machines were
broken and you said you'd figured out e
signatures and I needed the the problem
that that product today and I bought 300
seats. Okay. So,
one of his top problems at a given time,
right? High ROI, immediate value
proposition. Read a cold email from a
company at 2 million AR. Okay. Now, all
the other emails he they you know, you
know, we help we can we can enrich your
data better. We can we can help you do
look. It just it didn't the fact was his
team couldn't get the fax machines to
work. Okay. Or some variant thereof. So,
My point is, and this goes all the way
up to the CEO level, every CEO I know of
at the biggest companies, I asked Brian
Halligan from the chairman of host about
this the other day. I asked Yamin to
you, I asked Yam at SAS annual this
year, do you do you read your cold
ebound? She's like, I read them every
day. Email is the best. Even today, it's
the best thing in the world. Everyone
reads it. It's an open medium. They get
it. And your job is not just to have
your LLM get you the right headline.
your your job with outbound is to solve
one of the top three problems of your
buyer, whether it's CEO, SVP, VP,
wherever, if it's the top three
problems, you're going to get a meeting.
Okay? Whether it's a top three pain
point or a top three initiative, like I
don't actually all these AI, SDR, BDR,
agent force, artisan that's here,
qualified. I don't actually know this is
a top three problem for a lot of buyers,
but I know it's a top three thing on
their mind. Everyone wants to I want to
figure out how to do an AISDR. So, it's
either a top three initiative or a top
three problem. If you're a top three,
you're going to see super high open
rates if you have a if you have a
differentiated product and crystal clear
value proposition. This has not changed
in the age of AI. This has not changed.
And I don't know why people thought
crummy emails for the 10,000th, you
know, cadence product worked. And maybe
it did work. I'm actually I'm actually
flabbergasted that that those emails
worked, right? Maybe they're they're
sucker bets, but your job is to be in
the top three initiatives or top three
needs of your buyer. And then the last
captain, obvious thing I'll say, but
this is why you have to read your your
team's emails. Humans or AIS, you have
to listen to their calls.
It's got to be great. And it has to be
something you would you buy your own
product from your email. I would
challenge everybody to go back and read
emails from your sales team, your
revenue team, your marketing team. Read
the email they sent out about your
product and ask yourself, would you buy
based on this email? I'll bet you not
over 90% you would not buy your own
product from it. So why would you expect
anybody else to slow it down? Read that
email. You know, the next age of AI and
sales prosp
if you're reaching out to lovable. Hey,
Replet used us and won five big deal.
You know, reach out to direct
competitors. HubSpot versus Salesforce,
whatever. You know, those ones always
work when you have a great case study
from one competitor. You're going to get
a meeting. But the lazy ars email never
never worked before. I guess maybe it
worked for it don't work today. So, I
don't know if that totally answers the
question, but outbound works as well as
it ever has if you solve a top need. And
sorry, the last I know it's a lot. What
you don't realize I'll I'll tell you how
it works in big companies. May maybe you
folks have worked in there. I I was just
a VP at Adobe for for a little more than
a year. But
basically there were, you know, there
were there was unbudgeted,
discretionary, and budgeted, right? You
sort of know these words, but you might
not see them in practice. Okay? Getting
budgeted money. It was big dollars, but
it was really hard. Okay? They're
melting million-doll contracts. These
often would take one, three, five years
of discussing and planning until you
could close that deal. Okay? Maybe get a
pilot. But then I was the most junior VP
of all the VPs. I don't know how many
VPs were 40, 50. But even I had a 500k
slush budget, okay? And this was a while
ago. So today it might be a million
bucks, okay? And everyone had more. And
what was my slush budget for? My top
three needs that I just couldn't get
elsewhere in the organization or
elsewhere budgeted through the CFO and I
needed. So if you gave me if you solved
one of my three needs sitting in my
corner tower office and it was some
fraction of that 500k to a million, I
had budget. I didn't even care. It's use
it or lose it in big companies. Okay.
Now, I didn't have one more dollar than
that. I didn't have one more dollar and
I didn't care about my eighth problem. I
just didn't care. But selfishly, if you
solved one of my problems, I had half
million to a million bucks to buy. So,
those are the budgets you're fighting
for. They haven't changed in the age of
AI, but our priorities have changed. And
no, so many folks have their their own
problems in their own org, but they're
also under pressure to bring innovation
into the enterprise. That's the a
budget. You got to be be in these three.
But I had, it was really, really hard
for me to get a million dollar piece of
software. And it probably would have
taken me years as the new VP, but I had
a million bucks in aggregate, almost a
million bucks to spend on whatever I
needed to get the hundreds of folks that
work for me just to solve their problem.
It's not even that much per person,
right? But I I can I could do that in a
week or two. That was up in until that
line and then I was tapped out for the
year. So, all right, I think we're over
for now. We'll keep going for the rest
of the day and bars open. Thanks
everybody. Cut it.
Hey Sasser, imagine [music] having
agents for every support tag. One that
triages tickets, another that catches
duplicates, one that spots churn risk.
That'd be pretty amazing, right? Happy
Fox just made it real with autopilot.
These pre-built AI agents deploy in
about 60 seconds and run for as low as
[music] two cents per successful action.
All of it sits inside the Happy Box omni
channel AI first support stack, chatbot,
co-pilot, and autopilot working as one.
[music] Check them out at
happyox.com/aster.